Add documentation for collecting MKE4 support bundle using troubleshoot.sh tool (#187)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/configuration/support-bundle.md

       ```commandline
       curl https://krew.sh/support-bundle | bash
       ```
    
       If you already have Krew installed, run the following command to install the plug-in:
        
       ```commandline
       kubectl krew install support-bundle
       ```

    2. Append the ``$HOME/.krew/bin`` directory to your ``PATH`` environment variable:

       ```commandline
       export PATH="${KREW_ROOT:-$HOME/.krew}/bin:$PATH"
       ```

    3. Restart your shell and run ``kubectl krew`` to verify the installation.
    
    {{< /tab >}}
    
    {{< tab >}}
    
    If you do not want to install the plugin using ``krew`` or want an easier way to install the plugin in an air gap environment, you can install the plugin manually from the release archives.
    
    Run the following command to download and unarchive the latest release, and move the plugin to your ``$PATH``:
    
    ```commandline
    curl -L https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot/releases/latest/download/support-bundle_linux_amd64.tar.gz | tar xzvf -
    sudo mv ./support-bundle /usr/local/bin/kubectl-support_bundle
        ```
    {{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Upgrade support bundle using Krew

Reviewer: If the `support-bundle` plugin was installed manually, it will also need to be manually upgraded when a new version is released. The following steps can be followed to update the `support-bundle` plugin to the latest version:

- Download the latest version of the plugin:
```
curl -L https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot/releases/latest/download/support-bundle_linux_amd64.tar.gz | tar xzvf -
```
- Move the downloaded plugin to replace existing one:
```
sudo mv ./support-bundle /usr/local/bin/kubectl-support_bundle
```

> ## Upgrade support bundle using Krew

Reviewer 2: Great! @MagdaDziadosz, I suggest restructuring the section with the same tab heading we have been using elsewhere, to offer both instruction paths.

To upgrade your existing support-bundle plugin using Krew run:

```commandline
kubectl krew upgrade support-bundle
```

## Uninstall support bundle

Choose the method used during a plugin installation process, and follow the
steps to uninstall the support bundle:

{{< tabs items="Uninstall using Krew,Uninstall manually" >}}

    {{< tab >}}
    Run the following command to remove the support bundle plugin:
    
    ```commandline
    kubectl krew uninstall support-bundle
    ```
    {{< /tab >}}
    {{< tab >}}
    1. Delete the support-bundle binary file from the location where it was placed
      during installation. 
    2. Run the following command to remove the support bundle:
    
      ```commandline
      sudo rm /usr/local/bin/kubectl-support_bundle
      ```
    {{< /tab >}}
  
{{< /tabs >}}

## Define data for collecting

1. Define what the support bundle should collect and, optionally, analyze,
   by creating a YAML file that outlines the support bundle configuration

    The following example configuration:
    
    - Captures cluster information.

>     - Sets of cluster resources.

Reviewer 2: Needs a verb. Does it capture, does it collect...?

Reviewer: Here are more details about the mentioned collectors:

- [clusterInfo](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/cluster-info/): collects basic information about the cluster
- [clusterResources](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/cluster-resources/): enumerates all available resources in the cluster

These collectors are default and will be automatically included in the collector spec, even if they are not explicitly specified. They cannot be removed.

>     The following example configuration:
>     
>     - Captures cluster information.
>     - Sets of cluster resources.
>     - Collects logs from the ``blueprint-controller-manager`` and
>       ``blueprint-operator-webhook`` pods, in the ``logs/`` directory of the output.
>     
>     Example ``support-bundle-worker.yaml`` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The example ``your-support-bundle.yaml`` file that follows:
    
    - Captures cluster information.
    - Sets of cluster resources.
    - Collects logs from the ``blueprint-controller-manager`` and
      ``blueprint-operator-webhook`` pods, in the ``logs/`` directory of the output.
```

    
    ```yaml
      apiVersion: troubleshoot.sh/v1beta2
      kind: SupportBundle
      metadata:
        name: sample
      spec:
        collectors:
          - logs:
              selector:
                - app.kubernetes.io/name=blueprint-webhook
            namespace: blueprint-system
            name: logs/blueprint-system
          - logs:
              selector:
                - control-plane=controller-manager
              namespace: blueprint-system
              name: logs/blueprint-system
    ```

> 2. Generate the support bundle by pointing to your specification file using
>    the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Generate the support bundle:
```

    ```commandline
    kubectl support-bundle ./path-to-your-support-bundle.yaml
    ```

>    By default, it collects cluster information and cluster resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   By default, the support bundle collects cluster information and cluster resources.
```

>    For a full list of available in-cluster collectors, refer to the
>    [All Collectors](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/all/)
>    in the official Troubleshoot documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For a comprehensive list of available in-cluster collectors, refer to the official
   Troubleshoot [All Collectors](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/all/)
   documentation.
```

weight: 4
---

To generate support bundles directly from the command line, you must have the
kubectl extension support bundle plugin installed.

## Install the support bundle plugin

You can install the support bundle plugin using Krew plugin manager, or you can

> obtain it from the release archives and install it manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
obtain the support bundle plugin from the release archives and install it manually.
```

       [Installing](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install/).
    
    2. Install the support bundle plugin:
        
       ```commandline
       kubectl krew install support-bundle

    3. Append the ``$HOME/.krew/bin`` directory to your ``$PATH`` environment variable:

       ```commandline
       export PATH="${KREW_ROOT:-$HOME/.krew}/bin:$PATH"
       ```

    4. Verify the support bundle plugin installation:

       1. Restart your shell.

       2. Run the ``kubectl krew`` command.
    
    {{< /tab >}}
    
    {{< tab >}}
    
    If you do not want to install the plugin using Krew or want a simpler
    way to install the plugin in an air gap environment, you can install the
    plugin manually from the release archives.
    
    Run the following command to download and unarchive the latest release,
    and move the plugin to your ``$PATH``:
    
    ```commandline
    curl -L https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot/releases/latest/download/support-bundle_linux_amd64.tar.gz | tar xzvf -
    sudo mv ./support-bundle /usr/local/bin/kubectl-support_bundle
        ```
    {{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Upgrade support bundle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Upgrade a support bundle

The instruction for upgrading the support bundle plugin corresponds to the
method that was used to install the plugin. 
```

> {{< tabs items="Krew upgrade,Manual upgrade" >}}

Reviewer 2: These tabs should read the same as the other two sets of tabs -- "Krew installation" and "Manual installation".

    {{< tab >}}
    Run the following krew command to upgrade your existing support-bundle:
   
    ```commandline
    kubectl krew upgrade support-bundle
    ```
    {{< /tab >}}

    {{< tab >}}
    Run the following commands to manually upgrade your existing support-bundle:
    
    1. Download the latest version of the plugin:

    ```commandline
    curl -L https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot/releases/latest/download/support-bundle_linux_amd64.tar.gz | tar xzvf -
    ```

>     2. Replace existing plugin with the downloaded one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Replace the existing plugin with the new version:
